i'm alice
bruce never stopped looking for your
sister's body guy had the best tech on
the planet
why didn't he find her kate hey dad
it's mary sophie's missing help who the
hell are you
i'm alice
i am not used to being found pick one
commander
sophie or gotham why are you doing this
clever girl let's take a picture back
make sure necklaces are in it
beth castle and hamilton's investigators
found bones skull fragments on those
little girl
it's bad seriously kate you can't be
going out and got them every night
pretending to be batman
my father gave up on me and i want to
make him
suffer the way that i did i think alice
is beth i know that you want to believe
that beth is alive i do too but facts
are facts
so you're into me you would know i'll
call you then that's like that or king
of the crows
can't even protect your own nest how'd
you get in my house
i found bone fragments skull fragments
matching beth's dna
she's your daughter what the hell do you
want you're gonna tell me everything you
know about alice you're making this
personal alice
it is personal you're not batman
that's the point alice is looking for a
mouse
she's big plans for him has gone down
down
the rabbit hole and she's never coming
batman
how about we don't get expelled a week
before graduation
what he chipped him he laid me to alice
i figure out who mouse is
i need this school okay i want to be
here but they don't want you maybe it's
best we just kept your distance from now
i never understood why you stopped
looking for me i always thought a father
would do
anything to find his daughter i know you
love me
tell me that i'm wrong and i will walk
away and let you make the biggest
mistake of your life
you're wrong king is this you
it wasn't me it's my daddy
i'm telling the knife you give up on me
so what is she doing with herself so are
you on this assignment to keep tabs on
me
or i have a gift for you too now that we
are together again
i can help you become anyone you want to
be
are we mad i'm afraid so
dad
you never would have moved on if you
didn't think that beth were dead
i paid the dna analyst to write the
report get away from me
tassel me a perfect match for dean
devroe
hon you agree mr devon i wanted to kill
you i wouldn't have to wait for you to
be wearing this suit
your concern for me is so touching dear
sister so kate is bad woman
tyler this is kate you're married no i'm
daddy
katherine seems to think so as hard as i
have tried to get over you
i can't it's definitely not fair to
tyler maybe it's best if i keep my
distance from now on
we are to host the most memorable
mad tea party gotham has
ever seen two catherine
a most extraordinary woman hands in the
air cane you're under arrest what the
hell is happening get your hands off of
me
to see whether it's marked poison or not
i think it would never hurt us
you know how she died exactly the way
that alice planned
you had someone impersonate him the skin
pirate i'm gonna ask you again kate is
alice worth it
i don't need that bomb whether this
place is clear or not who is
this isn't it obvious
she's about women oh why they keep on
showing up to spread hope
it's because you inspired them and now
they feel abandoned
i know you're batwoman batwoman is the
same person
i've looked up to my entire life
and what is it you're still missing
power
why did you kill
my dad some journal lucious was writing
what yours just cover it up
oh i killed cartwright
more glad to officially be back sir
do you know anything about this journal
that tommy elliott wanted
yeah let's just say my dad's journals
weren't poems about his feelings i broke
batman's code you think you're the only
one
ever wonder why the joker hasn't reared
his head in five years
chief physician
i was thinking about what you said about
the allure of this place
the protection the anonymity can make
you into
anyone you want what's so special about
lucious fox's journal
it's a failsafe to kill the bad
[Music]
as soon as i get that journal tommy said
that this book
holds the key to killing that woman and
i want her very
very dead what do you mean it's gone i
woke up and regan was gone and
the book filled with secrets my dad died
to protect
you got your book you can trade it for
your freedom but i'm done being advanced
scout for magpie dead
lucius fox wrote the entire journal in
code you did it you know what it says
why aren't you happier about this
the book contains the secret to killing
you
does the wolf have to do this i have to
stop you you won't be able to
you'd be surprised because the lucious
fox's glasses they unlock the coat
let luke and julia go and they're yours
christ kryptonite
why do you have that it was bruce
wayne's he lost hope
and i never will keep it and i have the
courage that you'll never have to use it
go bring me tommy so he can tell me
where to find
a little green rock
called kryptonite that woman's in cell
block d
no please psychotic skps are all over
the city right now thanks to you
let the serve as your warning i see you
again it's
war i got you the journal
i helped you decode it because of me you
know how to kill your sister
you're holding the only shard of
kryptonite on the planet bruce was
holding on to it for a friend batwoman
is the reason lunatics like
titan are on the street in the first
place we got
it's over alice i'm leaving
i would never let you leave me with my
little mouse
don't shoot i'm here on behalf of that
woman
i want to team up we can take him on
together harass me
harass me for believing in someone who
saves lives
you partner up what did you do
i know the person is still inside you
i promised you war this is what it looks
like
cap fine but if you're using it to
distract me while you and everyone else
are trying to take out batman his
betrayal
hurt a million times more than any of
those moments that's kryptonite
i figured out how to destroy it oh my
god no more secrets
not between us a friend gave it to me
for safekeeping in case she
ever lost her away she trusts me
deterred eagle can shoot through
anything i don't need to find something
stronger
what did you do
i look like bruce wayne doors of wayne
tower and get me that shard of
kryptonite from your dear
cousin kate
you